." super-glue manual page
." Copyright 2021 Mitchell Levy
." 
." This file is a part of super-glue
." 
." super-glue is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
." it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
." the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
." (at your option) any later version.
." 
." super-glue is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
." but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
." MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
." GNU Affero General Public License for more details.
." 
." You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
." along with super-glue.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

.TH SUPER-GLUE 1
.SH NAME
super-glue \- an HTTP server to glue together apps and the web
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBsuper-glue\fR [\fB-i\fR] \fIfile\fR ...\fR
.br
\fBsuper-glue\fR \fB-v\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B super-glue
is designed to provide a simple way of connecting apps together and to the web via HTTP.
This is done using a series of simple configuration files, specified on the command-line when
.B super-glue
is run in the
.I file
part of the command.
These configuration files also specify whether
.B super-glue
should attempt to start these processes itself, or look for already running instances.
.PP
.B super-glue
can be run in interactive mode through the use of the \fB-i\fR option.
This allows a user to issue commands to a running
.B super-glue
instance directly.
By default,
.B super-glue
runs in a daemon form, where it writes logging information to \fBSTDOUT\fR, suitable for processing in a production environment.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB -i, --interactive \fR
Run in interactive mode, allowing the user to provide commands directly.
This also limits the amount of logging produced to enhance usability.
.TP
\fB-v, --version \fR
Print version information and exit.
This option cannot be combined with other options.
